PINsentry for Online Banking
Mobile PINsentry for Online Banking
Daily payment limits in Online Banking
PINsentry card readers for Online Banking
How can I make a payment to my Select account?
Can I change my statement date and how often I get them?
Why can’t I see all my accounts in the Barclays app but I can online?
How do I cancel a cheque?
How do I get my Barclays Blue Rewards?
How do I set up a standing order?
How do I switch from online statements to paper ones?
How do I access my statements and documents?
How do I close my savings account (excluding ISAs)
How do I cancel a Direct Debit?
How do I send money abroad?
How do I change my address, phone number and email address?
Can’t log in to Online Banking?
What should I do if I can’t find my Business debit card?
How do I change a standing order?
How do I make an overpayment to my mortgage?
Daily payment limits in the Barclays app
Will I be charged for repaying my loan early?
How do I close my instant cash ISA?
Who do I contact if I have any problems receiving mobile alerts?
How do I close my flexible cash ISA?
Data breaches – How to stay safe
What are Retailer Offers and how can I get them?
How do I find out my mortgage balance, interest rate and current rate end date?
How do I make a payment?
How do I pay a credit card or utility bill?
How do I report my debit card damaged, lost or stolen?
Will I be charged for overpaying on my mortgage?
How do I check what my early repayment charge is?
How do I pay off my mortgage?
How do I get, or increase, an arranged overdraft?
How to log in to Smart Investor?
How do I make a payment to someone I’ve paid before?
Can’t see the form to update your business details?
How do I manage my Smart Investor account?
PINsentry card reader lost, stolen or not working
Your browser is out of date - You may need to update your internet browser to be able to log in to Barclays Online Banking.
How do I close an account with you?
How can I make or cancel a CHAPS payment?
How do I control what information I see about Barclays products and services?
How can I activate my SmartBusiness Dashboard?
How do I register for the Barclays app?
Why have I been logged out of Online Banking?
We’re closing our foreign currency cheque and international draft services for Barclays UK
How to register your app on a new device
Adding non-Barclays accounts to the Barclays app
How do I control online and phone payments in my Barclays app?
How to apply online for a current account
I have the Barclays app for BarclayPlus – what should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
What do I do if my Barclays app crashes or it says ‘Oops! Something went wrong’?
What happens if I miss a mortgage payment?
Why do my current account balances and transactions from another bank or provider look different within my Barclays app to how they appear in my other banking app?
How do I see details of a transaction in my Barclays app?
The Barclays app keeps crashing. What should I do?
What do I do if I have the Barclays app and my phone is lost or stolen?
What can I do if there’s a problem with my brand’s logo in Barclays Mobile Banking?
Why can’t I change my address in my app?
How do I make a payment using the Barclays app?
What can I do if there’s a problem with a brand’s logo in the Barclays app?
What happens if I lose signal during a Barclays app transaction?
Will the Barclays app work with the latest iOS update?
How can I access the Barclays App without an account?
Why can’t I log in to the Barclays app with my fingerprint anymore?
See your debit card details and PIN in the Barclays app
How safe is the Barclays app?
What is ‘Visa Secure’ for online debit card payments?
Why can’t I see Online Statements from before the date I registered?
Why can’t I access all the features in my Barclays app?
Will my banking information ever be shared with a retailer?
Can I access money in a Fixed Rate Savings Bond before its term ends?
Can I register for the Barclays app if my business account has more than one signatory?
Can I access my money in a Flexible Bond before its term ends?
Where will I see my business current accounts, held with other providers, within the Barclays app?
If I rename my accounts in Online Banking, will they have the same names in the Barclays app?
Is sharing financial information through Open Banking safe and secure?
I don’t recognise the new instalment plan in my app – what should I do?
I’ve made a payment to the wrong account in Online Banking. What should I do?
How do I pay in a cheque?
How can I make sure I get notifications from the Barclays app on my phone or tablet?
How do I change my address, phone number or email address?
Can I request a duplicate paper statement if I’ve opted to get my statements online only?
How do I go paperless for statements and documents on my Smart Investor account?
What is Open Banking?
What type of information won't be shared or asked for?
How can I view my statements and documents online?
What type of data will be shared with Barclays?
Can I pay in a cheque on the app?
Delete payees
How can I generate an IBAN?
How do I control how my debit card is used abroad with my Barclays app?
What should I do if I've missed my Barclaycard payment, or I’m worried I can’t make my next payment?
Where can I find free, independent help and support for managing my finances?
How do I get a summary of credit interest paid to my account?
How many cheques can I pay in each week on the app?
What is a consolidated tax certificate, and how do I request one for my Smart Investor investments?
Why isn’t my phone supported by the Barclays app?
How can I change the signatories for my business account?
Can I view my Barclaycard account in the Barclays app?
Why can't I make payments from an account with another bank that I’ve added to my Barclays app?
How do I change or swap the Barclays account or phone number I used when registering for the Barclays app?
I've gone into arrears on my current account – what should I do?
I have a problem with a payment that’s come out of my account
Why do I need to upgrade to the latest version of the Barclays app?
How do I stop linking accounts I have with other providers to my Barclays app?
I don’t want to manage or view all my accounts in the Barclays app, can I hide them?
Can both people register a joint account with the Barclays app?
How do I make a payment from a current account I have with another provider in my Barclays app?
Am I eligible to open or upgrade to a Premier Current Account?
Why is my bank not showing when I try to link my account with them to my Barclays app?
How do I set a spending limit for debit card payments in my Barclays app?
Recurring card payments
How can I pay my bill in the app?
What service does Smart Investor offer?
How do I turn off Face ID for the Barclays app?
How can I see a breakdown of my spending by category in my Barclays app?
How do I turn off Touch ID for the Barclays app?
How do I switch on Face ID for the Barclays app?
If my face isn't recognised, can I still access the Barclays app?
Why has my Direct Debit been taken on a different date to the one shown in Calendar in my Barclays app?
Why can’t I see my other finance accounts with Barclays Partner Finance in my app?
My credit limit has been increased, but I don’t want the new limit. What should I do?
Check your unrecognised transaction against these company trading names
Why does my cancelled Direct Debit still show as a predicted payment in Calendar in my Barclays app?
How do I block payments to a certain type of retailer in my Barclays app?
How do I set up or change a Direct Debit for my Barclaycard?
How do I make an appointment to see someone in branch?
How do I change my mortgage Direct Debit details?
How do I add my Barclays Personal or Business account details to the Barclays app?
How can I request an ad hoc statement and valuation?
What are the deadlines for using my ISA or SIPP allowance for 2023-24 tax year
I want to make a claim under section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act, what are my rights?
Why can’t I edit the reference on a payment?
What’s a Statement of Deduction of Income Tax?
Why do my account balances and transactions from other banks or providers look different in the Barclays app?
Which branches offer the temporary debit card facility?
How do I follow my complaint in Barclays Track It?
Travel Pack and Travel Plus Pack: frequently asked questions
How do I pay my Smart Investor fees?
Can I get an arranged overdraft on my account when I switch to Barclays?
How can I view and amend how I receive My Barclays documents?
How do I let you know that someone has died?
Charges for using a Barclays debit card in the UK
How can I find out what information credit reference agencies have about me?
How do I get a summary of interest paid to my account?
What’s the difference between Faster Payments, CHAPS (same-day UK payments) and BACS?
What to do if I’ve lost or forgotten my Smart Investor log-in details, or want to change them?
What's the difference between payments, transfers, standing orders, Direct Debits and Continuous Payment Authorities?