PINsentry for Online Banking
PINsentry card reader lost, stolen or not working
Mobile PINsentry for Online Banking
PINsentry card readers for Online Banking
Problems with PINs or cards when using a PINsentry card reader
Daily payment limits in Online Banking
Why can’t I see all my accounts in the Barclays app but I can online?
Can’t log in to Online Banking?
How do I set up a standing order?
How do I go paperless for statements and documents on my Smart Investor account?
How can I make a payment to my Select account?
Can I change my statement date and how often I get them?
How do I cancel a cheque?
How do I make a payment?
How do I get my Barclays Blue Rewards?
How to log in to Smart Investor?
How do I change my address, phone number and email address?
How do I make a payment to someone I’ve paid before?
How do I send money abroad?
How do I change a standing order?
How do I pay a credit card or utility bill?
Data breaches – How to stay safe
How do I switch from online statements to paper ones?
How do I cancel a Direct Debit?
How do I close an account with you?
What is ‘Visa Secure’ for online debit card payments?
How do I report my debit card damaged, lost or stolen?
Check your unrecognised transaction against these company trading names
Will I be charged for repaying my loan early?
What should I do if I can’t find my Business debit card?
What are the deadlines for using my ISA or SIPP allowance for 2023-24 tax year
How do I get, or increase, an arranged overdraft?
How do I access my statements and documents?
What happens if I miss a mortgage payment?
How do I make an overpayment to my mortgage?
How can I make or cancel a CHAPS payment?
How do I check what my early repayment charge is?
What are Retailer Offers and how can I get them?
How do I control what information I see about Barclays products and services?
Will I be charged for overpaying on my mortgage?
What's the difference between payments, transfers, standing orders, Direct Debits and Continuous Payment Authorities?
We’re closing our foreign currency cheque and international draft services for Barclays UK
Which branches offer the temporary debit card facility?
Can’t see the form to update your business details?
How do I get a summary of credit interest paid to my account?
How do I manage my Smart Investor account?
Daily payment limits in the Barclays app
How safe is the Barclays app?
How do I find out my mortgage balance, interest rate and current rate end date?
Who do I contact if I have any problems receiving mobile alerts?
How do I pay off my mortgage?
Need help with an error code?
Need help with an error code?
Why can’t I change my address in my app?
What service does Smart Investor offer?
How do I close my savings account (excluding ISAs)
How do I change my address, phone number or email address?
How do I close my instant cash ISA?
How can I generate an IBAN?
How do I change my mortgage Direct Debit details?
How do I close my flexible cash ISA?
How do I pay my Smart Investor fees?
Your browser is out of date - You may need to update your internet browser to be able to log in to Barclays Online Banking.
What’s the difference between Faster Payments, CHAPS (same-day UK payments) and BACS?
Why can’t I access all the features in my Barclays app?
What to do if I’ve lost or forgotten my Smart Investor log-in details, or want to change them?
How can I activate my SmartBusiness Dashboard?
Why have I got a new debit card without ordering one?
Can I request a duplicate paper statement if I’ve opted to get my statements online only?
I’ve made a payment to the wrong account in Online Banking. What should I do?
Why can’t I edit the reference on a payment?
Find out what Why can’t I edit the reference on a payment?
Can I access money in a Fixed Rate Savings Bond before its term ends?
Can I access my money in a Flexible Bond before its term ends?
How can I request an ad hoc statement and valuation?
What’s a Statement of Deduction of Income Tax?
How do I get a summary of interest paid to my account?
Delete payees
I want to make a claim under section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act, what are my rights?
Recurring card payments
What do I need to open a student or graduate account in one of our branches?
How do I let you know that someone has died?
What is a consolidated tax certificate, and how do I request one for my Smart Investor investments?