Recurring card payments
How are my monthly payments allocated?
I’m struggling to make payments – what should I do?
How do I control online and phone payments in my Barclays app?
How do I block payments to a certain type of retailer in my Barclays app?
How do I set a spending limit for debit card payments in my Barclays app?
What is a Remote payment?
Why can't I make payments from an account with another bank that I’ve added to my Barclays app?
How do I control how my debit card is used abroad with my Barclays app?
Tips to help your customers pay your business correctly
Daily payment limits in the Barclays app
How do I send money abroad?
What’s the difference between Faster Payments, CHAPS (same-day UK payments) and BACS?
How do I set up a standing order?
Can I make one-off payments, and what payment methods do you accept?
Why does my cancelled Direct Debit still show as a predicted payment in Calendar in my Barclays app?
What is ‘Visa Secure’ for online debit card payments?
Delete payees
What happens if I miss a mortgage payment?
How do you work out what my minimum monthly payment will be on my Barclaycard?
How can I make or cancel a CHAPS payment?
PINsentry for Online Banking
How do I make a payment?
We’re closing our foreign currency cheque and international draft services for Barclays UK
How do I set up or change a Direct Debit to Barclays Partner Finance?
How do I make a payment using the Barclays app?
How do I make a payment from a current account I have with another provider in my Barclays app?
Daily payment limits in Online Banking
What should I do if I've missed my Barclaycard payment, or I’m worried I can’t make my next payment?
How can I set up, cancel or amend a direct debit?
What are IBANs and SWIFT codes?
How do I set up or change a Direct Debit for my Barclaycard?
How do I find out my mortgage balance, interest rate and current rate end date?
How do I receive money from abroad?
How do I get, or increase, an arranged overdraft?
See your debit card details and PIN in the Barclays app
Using your signature instead of chip and PIN
I have a problem with a payment that’s come out of my account
What happens to my account when I pass away?
What happens to my account when I pass away?
How do I make a payment to someone I’ve paid before?
How can I access the Barclays App without an account?